Another pass at docs (#24)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/quickstart.rst

Quick Start
===========

> Flash is a high-level deep learning framework for fast prototyping, baselining, finetuning and solving deep learning problems. It features a collaction of tasks for you to use for inference and finetuning out of the box, and an easy to implement API to customuzie every step of the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flash is a high-level deep learning framework for fast prototyping, baselining, finetuning and solving deep learning problems. It features a set of tasks for you to use for inference and finetuning out of the box, and an easy to implement API to customize every step of the process.
```

Flash is excellent for:

- data scientists
- kagglers
- applied corporate researchers
- applied academic researchers

Why Flash?
----------

Flash is built on top of `Pytorch Lightning <https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning>`_,
a powerful deep learning research framework for training models at scale. With the power of Lightning,
you can train your flash tasks on any hardware: CPUs, GPUs or TPUs without any code changes.

End-to-end deep learning
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Flash is built for 3 major use-cases:

- Inference (predictions)
- Finetuning
- Training

Scalability
^^^^^^^^^^^
Flash is built on top of `Pytorch Lightning
<https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning>`_, a powerful deep learning research framework for training models at scale. With the power of Lightning, you can train your flash tasks on any hardware: CPUs, GPUs or TPUs without any code changes. 

Flexibility
^^^^^^^^^^^
Unlike other high-level frameworks, it's easy to customize the Flash tasks with `Pytorch Lightning
<https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning>`_ components to get all the flexibility you need. Lightning is just

> organized PyTorch with unecessary engineering details abstracted away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organized PyTorch with the unecessary engineering details abstracted away.
```

Install
-------

> You can install flash using `pip/conda <https://pypi.org/project/lightning-flash/0.1.0rc2/>`_:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install flash using `pip install lightning-flash -U -pre`_:
```

4. Call :func:`flash.core.trainer.Trainer.fit` with your data set.
5. Use your finetuned model for predictions

.. code-block:: python

    import torch
    import torch.nn.functional as F
    from flash.core.classification import ClassificationTask
    from pytorch_lightning.metrics import Accuracy
    from typing import Type, Callable, Mapping, Sequence, Union

    class LinearClassifier(ClassificationTask):
        def __init__(
            self,
            num_inputs,
            num_classes,
            loss_fn: F.cross_entropy,
            optimizer: Type[torch.optim.Optimizer] = torch.optim.SGD,
            metrics: Union[pl.metrics.Metric, Mapping, Sequence, None] = [Accuracy()],
            learning_rate: float = 1e-3,
        ):
          super().__init__(
            model=None,
              loss_fn=loss_fn,
              optimizer=optimizer,
              metrics=metrics,
              learning_rate=learning_rate,
          )

          self.save_hyperparameters()

          self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(num_inputs, num_classes)

        def forward(self, x):

>             return self.linear(x)

Reviewer 3: This is part of the "create your own task", might want to remove this for now and replace once we have something good
